feat: Debug page [IATR] (#25488)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

 <!-- See the ../guides/writing-the-cypress-changelog.md for details on writing the changelog. -->

## 12.5.0

_Released 01/31/2023_

**Features:**

> - Easily debug failed CI test runs from within the Cypress app with the new "Debug" page. For more details, see the [Debug documentation](https://on.cypress.io/debug-page).

Reviewer: IMO `Easily debug failed CI test runs` is misleading because we only show data if the run was recorded to the cloud. anyway to expand to indicate this is for recorded run?

Will there be a blog post associated with this feature release?

Author: @emilyrohrbough How about...

```suggestion
- Easily debug failed CI test runs from Cypress Cloud within the Cypress app with the new "Debug" page. For more details, see the [Debug documentation](https://on.cypress.io/debug-page).
```

Reviewer: @warrensplayer Sounds good 👍🏻

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like this

```suggestion
- Easily debug failed CI test runs right from your local Cypress app with the new Debug page, powered by Cypress Cloud. For more details, see the [Debug documentation](https://on.cypress.io/debug-page).
```

Author: I went with Peter's copy, removed the sub-bullets and referenced the PR instead of all the separate issues.

[#24442](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24442),
[#24443](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24443),
[#24444](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24444),
[#24851](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24851),
[#24852](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24852),
[#24847](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24847),
[#24854](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24854),
[#24848](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24848),
[#24853](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24853),
[#24849](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24849),
[#25352](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25352),
[#25339](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25339),
[#25319](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25319),
[#25418](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25418),
[#24440](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24440),
[#25487](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25487),
[#25543](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25543),
[#25570](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25570) and
[#25486](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25486).

>   - The test runner can be filtered to only run the tests that failed from the Cloud run being shown in the Debug page. Addresses [#24855](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/24855).

Reviewer: This wasn't previously released, so these direct call out aren't needed IMO . We also don't need to link to each closed issue, just the Epic which tracked the initiative or we can reference this PR.

Author: I will update to remove those and reference the PR
